FLUS41 KPHI 241448
HWOPHI

Hazardous Weather Outlook
National Weather Service Mount Holly NJ
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

DEZ001-251448-
New Castle-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for New Castle County in Delaware.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

DEZ002-251448-
Kent-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for Kent County in Delaware.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

DEZ003-251448-
Inland Sussex-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for inland portions of Sussex County
in Delaware.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

DEZ004-251448-
Delaware Beaches-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for the Atlantic coastal portions of
Sussex County in Delaware.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

PAZ054-251448-
Carbon-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for Carbon County in Pennsylvania.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

PAZ055-251448-
Monroe-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for Monroe County in Pennsylvania.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

PAZ060-251448-
Berks-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for Berks County in Pennsylvania.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

PAZ061-251448-
Lehigh-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for Lehigh County in Pennsylvania.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

PAZ062-251448-
Northampton-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for Northampton County in
Pennsylvania.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

PAZ070-251448-
Delaware-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for Delaware County in Pennsylvania.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

PAZ071-251448-
Philadelphia-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for Philadelphia County in
Pennsylvania.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

PAZ101-251448-
Western Chester-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for western Chester County in
Pennsylvania.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

PAZ102-251448-
Eastern Chester-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for eastern Chester County in
Pennsylvania.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

PAZ103-251448-
Western Montgomery-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for western Montgomery County in
Pennsylvania.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

PAZ104-251448-
Eastern Montgomery-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for eastern Montgomery County in
Pennsylvania.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

PAZ105-251448-
Upper Bucks-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for upper Bucks County in
Pennsylvania.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

PAZ106-251448-
Lower Bucks-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for lower Bucks County in
Pennsylvania.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

NJZ001-251448-
Sussex-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for Sussex County in New Jersey.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

NJZ007-251448-
Warren-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for Warren County in New Jersey.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

NJZ008-251448-
Morris-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for Morris County in New Jersey.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

NJZ009-251448-
Hunterdon-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for Hunterdon County in New Jersey.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

NJZ010-251448-
Somerset-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for Somerset County in New Jersey.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

NJZ012-251448-
Middlesex-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for Middlesex County in New Jersey.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

NJZ013-251448-
Western Monmouth-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for western Monmouth County in New
Jersey.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

NJZ014-251448-
Eastern Monmouth-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for eastern Monmouth County in New
Jersey.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

NJZ015-251448-
Mercer-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for Mercer County in New Jersey.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

NJZ016-251448-
Salem-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for Salem County in New Jersey.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

NJZ017-251448-
Gloucester-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for Gloucester County in New Jersey.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

NJZ018-251448-
Camden-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for Camden County in New Jersey.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

NJZ019-251448-
Northwestern Burlington-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for northwestern Burlington County in
New Jersey.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

NJZ020-251448-
Ocean-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for inland portions of Ocean County
in New Jersey.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

NJZ021-251448-
Cumberland-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for Cumberland County in New Jersey.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

NJZ022-251448-
Atlantic-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for inland portions of Atlantic
County in New Jersey.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

NJZ023-251448-
Cape May-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for Cape May County excluding the
Atlantic coast in New Jersey.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

NJZ024-251448-
Atlantic Coastal Cape May-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for the Atlantic coastal portions of
Cape May County in New Jersey.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

NJZ025-251448-
Coastal Atlantic-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for coastal portions of Atlantic
County in New Jersey.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

NJZ026-251448-
Coastal Ocean-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for coastal portions of Ocean County
in New Jersey.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

NJZ027-251448-
Southeastern Burlington-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for southeastern Burlington County in
New Jersey.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

MDZ012-251448-
Kent MD-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for Kent County in Maryland.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

MDZ015-251448-
Queen Annes-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for Queen Annes County in Maryland.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

MDZ019-251448-
Talbot-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for Talbot County in Maryland.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

MDZ020-251448-
Caroline-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for Caroline County in Maryland.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

ANZ430-251448-
Delaware Bay waters north of East Point NJ to Slaughter Beach DE-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for upper Delaware Bay.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

ANZ431-251448-
Delaware Bay waters south of East Point NJ to Slaughter Beach DE-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for lower Delaware Bay.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

ANZ450-251448-
Coastal waters from Sandy Hook to Manasquan Inlet NJ out 20 nm-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for the Atlantic coastal waters
adjacent to Monmouth County out 20 nm.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

The probability for widespread hazardous weather is low.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

ANZ451-251448-
Coastal waters from Manasquan Inlet to Little Egg Inlet NJ out 20 nm-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for the Atlantic coastal waters
adjacent to Ocean County out 20 nm.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

There is a low probability of widespread hazardous weather.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

Gale-force winds and/or very rough seas are forecast on Friday.
Gale-force winds and/or very rough seas are forecast on Saturday.
Gale-force winds and/or very rough seas are forecast on Sunday.

Please go to weather.gov/phi/ehwo for more information on
potential weather hazards.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

ANZ452-251448-
Coastal waters from Little Egg Inlet to Great Egg Inlet NJ out 20 nm-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for the Atlantic coastal waters
adjacent to Atlantic County out 20 nm.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

There is a low probability of widespread hazardous weather.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

Gale-force winds and/or very rough seas are forecast on Friday.
Gale-force winds and/or very rough seas are forecast on Saturday.
Gale-force winds and/or very rough seas are forecast on Sunday.

Please go to weather.gov/phi/ehwo for more information on
potential weather hazards.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

ANZ453-251448-
Coastal waters from Great Egg Inlet to Cape May NJ out 20 nm-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for the Atlantic coastal waters
adjacent to Cape May County out 20 nm.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

There is a low probability of widespread hazardous weather.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

Gale-force winds and/or very rough seas are forecast on Friday.
Gale-force winds and/or very rough seas are forecast on Saturday.

Please go to weather.gov/phi/ehwo for more information on
potential weather hazards.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

ANZ454-251448-
Coastal waters from Cape May NJ to Cape Henlopen DE out 20 nm-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for the Atlantic coastal waters
adjacent to the mouth of Delaware Bay out 20 nm.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

There is a low probability of widespread hazardous weather.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

Gale-force winds and/or very rough seas are forecast on Friday.
Gale-force winds and/or very rough seas are forecast on Saturday.

Please go to weather.gov/phi/ehwo for more information on
potential weather hazards.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

ANZ455-251448-
Coastal waters from Cape Henlopen to Fenwick Island DE out 20 nm-
1048 AM EDT Mon Apr 24 2023

This Hazardous Weather Outlook is for the Atlantic coastal waters
adjacent to Sussex County out 20 nm.

.DAY ONE...Through tonight.

There is a low probability of widespread hazardous weather.

.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN...Tuesday through Sunday.

Gale-force winds and/or very rough seas are forecast on Friday.
Gale-force winds and/or very rough seas are forecast on Saturday.

Please go to weather.gov/phi/ehwo for more information on
potential weather hazards.

.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...

Weather spotters are encouraged to report significant weather
conditions according to standard operating procedures.

$$

