FXUS66 KLOX 241636
AFDLOX

Area Forecast Discussion
National Weather Service Los Angeles/Oxnard CA 
936 AM PDT Mon Apr 24 2023

.SYNOPSIS...24/932 AM.

Offshore trends and a ridge building into the region midweek will
shrink the marine layer influence towards the coast and result in
warmer and drier conditions, especially for coastal valley to 
interior areas.

&&

.SHORT TERM (TDY-WED)...24/932 AM.

***UPDATE***

As promised it looks like we are on track for our May Grey
preview today, especially for southern areas where the marine
layer is deepest (around 2500 feet) with the most widespread low
clouds. A strong inversion and weak eddy will likely lead to slow
to no clearing for some coastal areas, focused along and south of
Santa Barbara. Temperatures today will be similar to yesterday for
most areas. Another round of low end advisory level wind looks on
track (50-70 percent chance) for western Antelope Valley and the
I-5 cooridor through the mountains with a lesser (30-40) percent
chance of reaching advisory levels for western portions South 
Coast of Santa Barbara County. Forecast and associated hazards are
in good shape with only minor tweaks to update cloud and patchy
fog coverage for this morning. 
 
***From Previous Discussion***

It looks like the area will get a preview of May Grey today. A 
1500 ft marine layer spun up by a decent eddy has brought low 
clouds to the coasts and most of the vlys of VTA/LA counties. The 
SBA south coast remains clear due to the sundowner winds but as 
those winds subside low clouds will likely push into the SBA city 
towards dawn. North of Point Conception onshore flow has brought 
low clouds to the Central Coast and Santa Ynez Vly. Additionally 
low clouds have moved in from the north and now cover the Paso 
Robles area. The afternoon onshore push to the east is forecast to
be 2 MB stronger than ydy and this will delay clearing and its 
likely that more than a few beaches will remain cloudy all day. 
The csts and vlys of VTA/LA county will cool due to the low clouds
and onshore flow. The SBA south coast will warm as there will be 
weak offshore flow across that area and the Central Coast will 
warm some as the KSMX-KBFL gradient will be a little weaker in 
the afternoon. Winds have subsided this morning but expect another
advisory level wind event down the I-5 corridor and across the 
western portion of the Antelope Vly. There will be another 
sundowner as well but a little weaker than last evening's.

Look for a similar stratus pattern tonight but with quicker and 
more complete clearing in the morning due to weakening onshore
flow esp in the W to E direction. The earlier clearing along with
weaker onshore flow will bring about 2 to 5 degrees of warming
most everywhere xcp for the SBA south coast where there will much
less north flow coming off of the Santa Ynez range.

Hgts rise to 578 dam on Wednesday as a ridge pushes close to the
west coast. More importantly high pressure building into NV will
generate offshore flow from the east (the NAM has 4 mb of offshore
flow which seems high and think the GFS/EC blend of 2 mb is
better) There will be much less marine layer clouds and likely
none in the vlys. Low clouds that due develop will dissipate 
early. Offshore flow and rising hgts equals warming temps and the 
csts/vlys will see 5 to 10 locally 12 degrees of warming and 2 to 
5 degrees across the interior. Most vlys temps will be in the 80s.

.LONG TERM (THU-SUN)...24/314 AM.

Medium range deterministic and ensemble based fcsts agree that
ridging will cover the state through the xtnd pattern. But there
is substantial disagreement on the sfc pressure values. The EC is
has much weaker onshore flow each day compared to the GFS. Looking
at the ensembles it seems that the GFS is little too aggressive
and the forecast follows the EC. There will be a coastal night
through morning low cloud and fog pattern. Temps will rise a
little more on Thursday but will then not change much day to day
Friday through the weekend. Max temps will be 5 to 10 degrees
above normal through the period.

&&

.AVIATION...24/1203Z.

At 0912Z at KLAX, the marine layer was around 2200 ft deep. The top
of the inversion was around 5300 ft with a temperature of 14 C.

Moderate confidence in TAFs (except good confidence in desert
TAFs). VFR transitions may occur 2 hours later than fcst and 
sites right at the coast have a 25% of not clearing at all. Low 
clouds may arrive 2 hours earlier than fcst at cstl site late 
Monday afternoon.

KLAX...Moderate confidence in TAF. There is a 25% chance of no 
clearing at all. There is a 30% chc of an 8 kt east wind 
component 10Z-16Z both Mon and Tues.

KBUR...Moderate confidence in TAF with transition to VFR conds as
late as 18Z.

&&

.MARINE...24/916 AM.

For the Outer Waters, moderate to high confidence in current 
forecast. There is a 30% chance that Gale force winds drop below
warning levels briefly this morning, but good confidence winds
will restrengthen by this afternoon and continue through this evening.
High confidence in winds decreasing to Small Craft Advisory (SCA)
levels overnight tonight and continuing through Tuesday with SCA
seas dropping below advisory levels by Tuesday evening. For 
Wednesday and Thursday, high confidence in winds and seas dropping
below SCA levels. There is a 30-40% chance of SCA level winds
starting Friday afternoon.

For the Inner Waters north of Point Sal, moderate to high
confidence in current forecast. Through Tuesday, SCA level winds 
will likely develop each afternoon and evening. For Wednesday 
through Friday, high confidence in winds and seas remaining below 
SCA levels.

For the Inner Waters south of Point Conception, moderate to high
confidence in current forecast. For the western half of the Santa
Barbara Channel, there is a 60% chance of SCA level winds during 
the afternoon/evening hours today and Tuesday. Otherwise, high 
confidence in winds and seas remaining below SCA levels through 
Friday for the remainder of the southern Inner Waters.

&&

.LOX WATCHES/WARNINGS/ADVISORIES...
CA...Wind Advisory in effect from 3 PM this afternoon to 3 AM PDT
      Tuesday for zones 378-381-383. (See LAXNPWLOX).
PZ...Small Craft Advisory in effect from 3 PM this afternoon to 3
      AM PDT Tuesday for zones 645-650. (See LAXMWWLOX).
     Gale Warning in effect until 9 PM PDT this evening for zones
      670-673-676. (See LAXMWWLOX).

&&

$$

PUBLIC...Munroe/Rorke
AVIATION...Lund
MARINE...Sweet/Lund
SYNOPSIS...Munroe

weather.gov/losangeles

Experimental Graphical Hazardous Weather Outlook at:
https://www.weather.gov/erh/ghwo?wfo=lox
