AXPZ20 KNHC 241534
TWDEP 

Tropical Weather Discussion
NWS National Hurricane Center Miami FL
1605 UTC Mon Apr 24 2023

Tropical Weather Discussion for the eastern Pacific Ocean from
03.4S to 30N, east of 120W including the Gulf of California, and
from the Equator to 30N, between 120W and 140W. The following
information is based on satellite imagery, weather observations,
radar, and meteorological analysis.

Based on 1200 UTC surface analysis and satellite imagery through
1500 UTC.

...INTERTROPICAL CONVERGENCE ZONE/MONSOON TROUGH...

The monsoon trough extends from 10N74W to 06.5N92W to 06.5N102W.
The ITCZ continues from 06.5N102W to beyond 02.5N140W. Scattered
moderate isolated strong convection is noted within 210 nm S of
the trough between 81W and 99W. Scattered moderate to strong
convection is noted within 90 nm N and 180 nm S of ITCZ between
105W and 136W.

...OFFSHORE WATERS WITHIN 250 NM OF MEXICO...

Fresh NW winds dominate the offshore waters of Baja California 
Norte with 8 to 10 ft combined seas in NW swell. Meanwhile, winds
within 60 nm of shore are moderate with seas 5 to 7 ft.  
Moderate winds and 3 to 5 ft seas are ongoing off Baja California
Sur and in the north and central portions of Gulf of California.
Light breezes prevail elsewhere with 3 to 5 ft combined seas in 
open waters with southerly swell. The mild marine conditions are 
due to a relatively weak pressure gradient in place between 1003 
mb low pressure over the Colorado River Valley and 1024 mb high 
pressure centered over the eastern Pacific between California and
Hawaii.

For the forecast, fresh NW winds beyond 60 nm offshore Baja 
California Norte will diminish today as low pressure over the 
Colorado River Valley weakens and move E. Similarly, fresh SW gap
winds over the northern Gulf of California will lessen today. 
Large NW swill will impact waters beyond 60 nm offshore Baja 
California Norte into tonight, before subsiding Tue night. Gentle
to moderate breezes and slight to moderate combined seas will 
persist elsewhere through late week. 

...OFFSHORE WATERS WITHIN 250 NM OF CENTRAL AMERICA, COLOMBIA, 
AND WITHIN 750 NM OF ECUADOR...

Light to gentle breezes and slight to moderate combined seas in 
SW swell dominate the region. For the forecast, a weak pressure
gradient will support light to gentle breezes across the region 
through late week. Expect slight to moderate combined seas 
primarily in S to SW swell. 
 
...REMAINDER OF THE AREA...

The subtropical ridge is anchored by 1024 mb high pressure 
centered near 37N134W and extends southeastward to southern 
Mexico. This pattern is supporting moderate trade winds north of
05N and west of 120W. Also, fresh N winds are ongoing N of 28N
and E of 125W. Mainly gentle breezes are evident elsewhere. 
Combined seas are 7 to 10 ft in the area of fresh N winds and 4 
to 7 ft elsewhere.

For the forecast, large NW swell will persist into Tue night for
waters north of 25N and east of 127W. High pressure will 
continue to shift west and weaken further today and tonight, 
leading to a continued decrease in trades.

$$
Stripling
